Role handbook updates - remove org membership as a shadow requirement (#685)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/docs/README.md

Docs Lead Shadows are people who are preparing to be a Docs Lead in the future. In addition to the time requirements above, shadows must: 

- Have signed the [contributor CLA](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/CLA.md) for Kubernetes.

> - Be a Kubernetes org member, or in the process of becoming an org member. The process to become one is in the [Kubernetes community membership ladder](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#member). This can often be achieved during the release cycle with sponsorship from a role lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be invested in becoming an org member within the release cycle. This can often be achieved during the release cycle with sponsorship from a role lead. See the [Release Team onboarding guide](/release-team/release-team-onboarding.md) for more details.
```
